joke: "two deaf parents who heard their daughter sing on American Idol auditions in Kansas city"


(t2c)

 two deaf parents whos daughter could hear, heard their daughter sing for the first time on American Idol audtion in kansas city.
they gave her dad some new technology to hear and he heard her sing for the first time.

(t2c)
she was SO TERRIABLE!!

I mean she was so bad at singing. she sang and ALicia Keys so song that was off key so bad. 
Not only did she not get picked but she was so damn dad i swear to you yaw...I think her deaf dad turn that shit off!!!

Seriously!!!

I they put the camera over at her dad and he had this look like....
"Uhhh... I know I been deaf my entire life with hearing cant be this bad! he took this sound piece off!!"

(t2c)

basically this girl was so bad she been singing all around the house since she was a little girl and for some reason
she thought she was good because nobody could hear her in her house to tell her she was not.

Deaf people sound BETTER in tune when they try to talk than she could sing.


(t2c)

Now I aint making fun of deaf people but damn. I used to date a deaf girl my junior year in college
and we would go to the dance club and she would stand by the biggest fucking speaker in the club so she 
could feel the beat.

I would walk away and be in the back of the bitch and leave her standing by herself and I would dance by myself from
the back waving (improv dancing and waving having a good time)

she would waving for me to come and down and join her with her all her deaf friends.

I was like fuck that shit. this bitch aint gonna get me all fucked up so I can be deaf too. hell knaw.


(t2c)
now some of yaw is like how did you hookup with a deaf girl?
well i am 100% fluent in sign language. I took a year of that shit in college because the teacher 
was so damn fine I kept signing back up the next term.

Which pisses me off because back in those days they wasent fucking the students like they do now.
and she had to know i was stalking her ass because why else would i get "A" in her class and keep coming back.

(laugh)

now i dated this deaf girl for like 6 months. she was very cute i must say.
and I would call her house through this "TTY Operator" now for you guys who dont know what that is its a special 
free number you call for death people and you give them the number to call and when you call a deaf person house all
their fucking electronics in the house will start flashing on-and-off to alert you that the phone or doorbell is ringing.
and she would get mad if someone called her if she watching one of favorite tv shows because the tv would turn off and the lights would flicker and shit. 
You would think the entire house had a shortage in it. 

well that freaked me out the first time i visited her house.

(t2c)
i was like...uhhhh you might want to get and electrician over hear and get this shit checked out because this cant be safe! 
I am not fucking you in this here house with my pants all the way down!
Now I didnt say I wasent fucking you! I just said NOT with my pants all the way down, just incase if a fire breaks out i can mosey on the fuck up out of here!! 

(t2c)

having phone sex was embarrasing as hell because calling her through this TTY-Operator, the person types what you say and reads back to you their reply like their 
reading a book. Now their not allowed to comment on what you say.
So told the operator lady type...
"tell her to please NOT to put her finger in my ass when I am on top. I dont like that shit!"

(t2c)
She talks as she types...(improv typing and saying operators voice) "He said PLEASE do not put your finger in his ass when he is on top. He does not like that shit!"

NEXT...thing i hear is the operator laughing. she replys... "She said i thought you liked it because you always stick your finger in my ass!"

(me)...tell her...."So what! Thats what i do. Dont do what I do! the next time i say stop you need to stop!"

Operator laughs and she trying to hold that shit in...and she types what i said and she replys her message back in this huge ass laugh.
she said..."sorry i never heard you say that, you know i am deaf!"

