https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2018/08/11/seattle-seatac-international-airport-airplane/964932002/?csp=chromepush

joke 1

8/11/18

Man Verizon/Alaska man steel plane and crashed.


(t2c)

Did yaw see this man who works for Horizon/Alaska airline steel the freaking plane and crash from the Seattle Airport?

Nigga if they can let a "janetor" take off I know damn good and well aint NONE of these plans safe.
Shit they said after further investigation they said for $59.00 he actually downloaded the manual to fly the muthafucka!

I like... you mean tell me these airlines have been steeling money for me charging me $200 from LA to Vegas, when I a could had learned how to fly there my own damn
self! Get the fuck out of here!

I mean if you have not seen this footage you need to go check it out ASAP!

This muthafuckin janitor is doing loopty-loops in the sky like he a damn hollywood stuntman or someshit.
And just to make it clear if you have ever flown in Horzion/Alaska airline them damn planes are No damn better than suside airlines called "Spirit Air"

As soon as you get on ANY of them two damn small company airlines its only two seats the left and two seats to the right with ducktape all on the edges of
the window and shit. You start shacking yo seats talking "damn this shit feels kinda of lose" while some man with lipsstick on in high heels is standing up in front
giving directions in sign language and shit... (improv the man pointing to the left/right and then show him catching the gas mask down and putting it to his mouth
and and giving a blow job).

Now I am listing to the jet fighters who flew with him for and hour trying to talk this man down and you can clearly hear him say, "I never learned how to land a plane because I never planed on it"

I am like aint this a bitch shoot this nigga down!

Now this crazy muthafucka just gave hand book to how to highJack and airplane in plane site. over 1000 Middle easters are no applying for jobs as janetor at the airport.
Because apparently you need a box cutter or weapon to hijack a plane all you need is a broom and a mop.

(improv jantor talking to the captain)
(hold the mike stand like mop)
Janitor: How you doing captain.
Captain: How are you sir. getting to clean the cockpit.
Janitor: Yep! for the last muthafuckin time. And I am make yaw clean up this mess yo self. 